README.md, before:

# Project Overview
This project is a Software Developer Portfolio website for and made by Mulamuleli Mammba. The site showcases my skills, projects, and experience, serving as a platform to present my work to potential employers and collaborators.

# The website is divided into sections:

About Me: Personal background and career journey.
Projects: A display of key projects completed, with links to GitHub repositories.
Timeline: Which displays my journey so far.
Skills: Showing the tools and programming languages I know and used.
Contact: A form and social media links to reach out.

# Technologies Used
HTML5: Structure of the website.
CSS3: Styling of the site, including responsiveness and layouts.
JavaScript: Enhancements and dynamic elements.
Font Awesome: Icons for social media and other links.

# Projects
Three key projects are highlighted for this section:

ArchiveCol: A collection management mobile application project.
EagleEyed: A bird watching app with navigation and social features.
Disaster Management System: A web application which allows disasters to be reported and managed as well as the donation.
Each project lists the tools and technologies used, along with Hlanganani’s role in the development.

# Contact
A contact form allows users to share their views.

# Footer
Social media icons with links to profiles such as LinkedIn, GitHub, Website, etc.
A copyright notice for the year 2024.

# How to Run
Clone or download the repository.
Open index.html in a web browser to view the portfolio.
The form in the Contact section submits to formspree API for message handling.

# Live version
The live version of the website can be accessed on : https://mulamumammba.github.io/Portfolio/

# Dependencies
Font Awesome (included via CDN): Provides icons for social links.
Google fonts for the websites font
GitHub repository links for each project are included for reference.

## Inspirations
- Skills section : idea original en: http://www.alessioatzeni.com/blog/css3-skill-bar-animation/

Commit message:

Update: Chatbot info added to README.md

README.md, after:

# Project Overview
This project is a Software Developer Portfolio website for and made by Mulamuleli Mammba. The site showcases my skills, projects, and experience, serving as a platform to present my work to potential employers and collaborators.

# The website is divided into sections:

About Me: Personal background and career journey.
Projects: A display of key projects completed, with links to GitHub repositories.
Timeline: Which displays my journey so far.
Skills: Showing the tools and programming languages I know and used.
Contact: A form and social media links to reach out.
ChatBot: An ai powered chatbot

# Technologies Used
HTML5: Structure of the website.
CSS3: Styling of the site, including responsiveness and layouts.
JavaScript: Enhancements and dynamic elements.
Font Awesome: Icons for social media and other links.
Tawk to: Ai chatbot platform

# Projects
Three key projects are highlighted for this section:

ArchiveCol: A collection management mobile application project.
EagleEyed: A bird watching app with navigation and social features.
Disaster Management System: A web application which allows disasters to be reported and managed as well as the donation.
Each project lists the tools and technologies used, along with Hlanganani’s role in the development.

# Chatbot
A chatbot for givign more information and a more communicative way to interact with the portfolio

# Contact
A contact form allows users to share their views.

# Footer
Social media icons with links to profiles such as LinkedIn, GitHub, Website, etc.
A copyright notice for the year 2024.

# How to Run
Clone or download the repository.
Open index.html in a web browser to view the portfolio.
The form in the Contact section submits to formspree API for message handling.

# Live version
The live version of the website can be accessed on : https://mulamumammba.github.io/Portfolio/

# Dependencies
Font Awesome (included via CDN): Provides icons for social links.
Google fonts for the websites font
GitHub repository links for each project are included for reference.

## Inspirations
- Skills section : idea original en: http://www.alessioatzeni.com/blog/css3-skill-bar-animation/
